v body wants to do all right guys blood
she is back with another fifa 15 virtual
pro look-alike tutorial today it is a
delta rat he's had a few problems at QPR
he went to Milan then come back Harry
read that didn't like him thought he was
a bit overweight and a bit of a disgrace
for a football fitness but he seems to
be back to his best now What's Wrong
back to the day Saturday and he looked
like he had a very good game so i
decided that i would do him because I
thought I maybe could anyway and bring
him down so you can have a look up from
behind I've put the clean on him like
the one you would use for maybe Daniel
Sturridge or something like that but i
will show you what he looks like grieve
the a firm or cook as well so from the
side pretty decent and i would say that
this is very similar to how his hair
looked on match of the day this world
decided to do him and I think it's come
out very very well by will just show you
what it looks like with the afro mohawk
but like I said guys you a lot of you
you've gotta have quite a bit of your
percentage unlocked on the approach to
get that but I actually think it looks
better with that so I was sticking
most of you should have that one
unlocked anyway guys please leave a like
comment and subscribe I will leave with
the settings and see you next time
you